[5.8] DOC: Fix links to slicer doxygen in the developer guide (#8262)
Slicer/Slicer: Docs/developer_guide/modules/transforms.md

# Transforms

## Related MRML nodes

> - [vtkMRMLTransformableNode](https://apidocs.slicer.org/main/classvtkMRMLTransformableNode.html): any node that can be transformed

Reviewer: DOC files for stable releases should be hardened down to their relevant version? If I was reviewing the ReadTheDocs for v5.8, I would suspect it would like me to 5.8 API documentation.

```suggestion
- [vtkMRMLTransformableNode](https://apidocs.slicer.org/v5.8/classvtkMRMLTransformableNode.html): any node that can be transformed
```

Reviewer: Or this gets handled by https://github.com/Slicer/Slicer/pull/8263 and this PR should be integrated first before that other backport?

Author: This can be integrated as is. The versioning will indeed be handled in https://github.com/Slicer/Slicer/pull/8263.
